---
layout: page
title: Me
permalink: /about
---

Hi!

I'm Bartek, 19 and I live in Poland.

### Computers

I've been interested in computers as far as I remember. When I was a kid, I
could play various flash-based web games for hours. I can also recall me
searching "hw to maek a comptur gaame" on Google, but... that's it. I think I
was too young and too stupid back then. So I just kept playing computer games,
what ultimately led me to almost 20k battles in World of Tanks (~3000 h) and a
good few hundred in a couple of other ones.

### Programming

But a few years ago, in one of gaming magazines, there was a tutorial titled
"MAKE YOUR OWN COMPUTER GAME!". [So I
did](https://github.com/bartekpacia/my-first-game). It was one of these "games"
beginners make and then think they're gamedev gods. But (fortunately I have to
say) I didn't stop there. I taught myselft basics of C#, coded a few command
line "adders and subtractors", some WPF program. Then I created [a stupid
roll-a-boll game](https://github.com/bartekpacia/crazy-ball) in Unity and
installed it on computers in my primary school. All the children were in awe of
my seemingly wonderous creation.

**And so was I**. I realized that with enough persistence and skill, I'm able to
create anything I can think of. And that's what I like the most about
programming.

Since then, I made many other apps/programs/games. You can see everything
(except the "private" ones) on my [GitHub
profile](https://github.com/bartekpacia).

### Games

From time to time I like to play Battlefield or something like that. But the
games I truly love, are the outdoor ones involving modern technology.

I'm a great fan of [Geocaching](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geocaching) (more
than 200 caches found, few hidden) and [Ingress](https://www.ingress.com). I've
been playing both since 2014. Being on holidays without finding some caches and
_hacking portals_ seems unimaginable to me. And I hate Pokemon Go by the way.
